this is from one for the ladies out
there who are single and may be looking
for a wealthy man this is a real tweet
from a real Japanese billionaire his
name is yuusaku Misawa he says Wadud why
not be the first woman to travel to the
moon he's looking for a woman to go with
him on the first SpaceX trip to the moon
which I think makes him the world's
richest loser right I mean I bet an
ex-girlfriend told him she wants some
space and he took it literally I wonder
if he'd accept the couple as his
companions because this might be an easy
way out for Harry and Megan or Jared and
Ivanka maybe I think it's safe to say
that asking a woman to go to the moon
with you is a first and if all this
sounds like the premise of a ridiculous
reality dating show that's because if I
have my way it will be soon from the
creators of the bachelor and the
Bachelorette comes a new show that's out
of this world this season
finding love is rocket science one
eccentric billionaire one lucky lady
bring him back down to earth
we got a hot dog this season we're
boldly going there it's not a rarely
drinks
she gets drunk off of like half a beer
on the space bachelor houston we have a
hookup I say them all in this week to a
bachelor Peters amazing journey and the
good news is everyone seems to be there
for the right reasons the bad news is
the ladies are fighting there was a
showdown tonight between Kelsey and
Hannah and basically Kelsey brought a
bottle of champagne she bought in Des
Moines she'd been saving it for a
special moment she assumed that moment
would be with Peter so she had it all
iced up and ready to go and then Hannah
Anne presumably by mistake or more
likely she was duped by the producers
into opening the champagne with Peter
which made Kelsey who really loved this
bottle of champagne very upset you know
what hey I have to see something it's
not okay what you did I set this up I
brought this bottle from Des Moines
don't don't try to play I didn't know I
knew I didn't Tammy just went over here
and told me bring Taylor here because
this was my thing I said I had no idea I
would have never I've had I had no idea
okay I'm over it I'm over it oh it
sounds like such a good idea when he
gets signed up to be the bachelor and
then you meet a real champagne in the
ass like Kelsey and so then Peter tried
to make things right they got another
bottle and opened it and it went like
this there we go
that's some speed on it
that's 40 I tell you what you hate this
they're all made off your own dress stop
let's look at that again if we could
let's see the yeah it's
[Applause]
[Music]
so Kelsey you might guess did not get
sent home Peter whittled it down to 19
women tonight one of the most important
skills a Bachelor has to have is the
ability to end a relationship and so we
decided because we like to help to send
Peter to the Grove which is a lovely
mall a few miles away from here we put
him on an escalator and we exposed him
to a stream of strangers and encouraged
him to break up with them and well
nothing makes perfect like practice
[Music]
I think deep down we both know this is
never gonna work so when we get down
there I think I'm just gonna walk out of
this escalator and out of your life
forever it
[Music]
why are you following me
I just feel like we've shared so much in
the last three seconds yeah hey it's
been like an amazing journey for me it's
okay I want you to know that but I think
I have to let you go now so
I never felt so close to someone before
didn't our love mean anything to you are
you here for the right reasons
I think I want to start right in with
other people just say no it's not you
it's me but I'll see you a little bit
good answer all right we can ride
together
are you here for the right reasons no
speaking no communication that's always
been at home with us
this this ice there this is this has
been amazing
I think our our love is in amazing is
the relationship in general has been
amazing to me
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season buy my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and drew it all
the money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country and if you
don't support that you are a box